Build: Give AGENTS.md a real comments and JSDoc rule (#35818)
storybookjs/storybook: .agents/guidelines/comments-and-jsdoc.md

Reach for a comment only after that rewrite is impossible or clearly worse.

The rules below are deliberately mechanical. "Does this comment add value?" is a judgement every author answers "yes" to about their own writing, so it constrains nothing. These can be applied without deciding whether you like the sentence.

## The deletion test

This is the only justification for a comment that is not public API.

Delete the comment, reread the code, and write down the question you can no longer answer.

- Cannot state the question in one sentence? It stays deleted.
- Can state it? **That sentence is the comment.** Not the paragraph you were about to write.

## The mechanical rules

**1. `/** */` is reserved for the package's public API.**
Public API means what a consumer can import from the package entry point, not what a file happens to `export`. Everything else is a `//` comment. The syntax tells a reviewer who the audience is without reading a word of it.

**2. A comment may never be longer than the code it describes.**

> If the block is longer than the body, delete the block or shrink the code. No exception, and no arbitrary line limit needed: the rule scales itself.

Author: ```suggestion
**2. A comment may never be longer than the code it describes.**
If the block is longer than the body, delete the block or shrink the code.
```

# Comments and JSDoc

Referenced from [`AGENTS.md`](../../AGENTS.md). Read this once per session, not once per file.

> Default to zero comments.

Author: ```suggestion
Default to zero comments.
```

**1. `/** */` is reserved for the package's public API.**
Public API means what a consumer can import from the package entry point, not what a file happens to `export`. Everything else is a `//` comment. The syntax tells a reviewer who the audience is without reading a word of it.

**2. A comment may never be longer than the code it describes.**
If the block is longer than the body, delete the block or shrink the code. No exception, and no arbitrary line limit needed: the rule scales itself.

**3. `private` and `protected` members get no comment at all.**
Not "unless it explains why". None. Nothing outside the class can reach them, so if one needs explaining you are free to rename it or split it, and one of those is the actual fix.

**4. In test files: no JSDoc, ever.**
A `//` comment is allowed only for a fixture or environment fact the test cannot state itself, such as why a timestamp is pinned or why a module must be mocked before import. Never for what the test does or asserts. That is the `it()` name's job, and a test that needs a comment to explain its assertions has the wrong name.

## Public API JSDoc

Write it for someone who only sees the signature and the docblock.

> - One-line summary of what it does, in the imperative. A second short paragraph only for a caveat the signature cannot express.

Reviewer: short paragraph doesn't tell how long. How about giving a "max-line" summary. 
If too long, this may mean that the function is too complex and need refactoring

Author: I'm hesitant about a max-line summary. Let's see how it goes without further restrictions or guidance on length, and if we still think the summaries are too long, let's reiterate!
